amalgamated code of conducts (#5)
level-down/internal: CoC_propsals/kailana.md

# Code of Conduct
All org members should familiarize themselves with this document to better understand the expectations for behavior when communicating and interacting with members. In addition, community members are expected to adhere to guidelines as outlined on communication channels (Terms of Service).

## Sections
* Our Mission

* Scope

* Violations

* Community Impact Guidelines

* Methods To Report

* Review Processes

## Mission Statement
As a community of diverse individuals, the org prioritizes marginalized people's safety over privileged people's comfort. We are committed to providing a harassment-free environment regardless of gender and gender identity, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion or lack thereof.

## Scope

> The code of conduct applies to all members of the org in all spaces and situations where the org is present including—but not limited to—pull requests, Discord, Zoom, Slack, and other physical and online communication channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code of conduct applies to all members of the org in all spaces and situations where multiple members of the the org are present including—but not limited to—pull requests, Discord, Zoom, Slack, and other physical and online communication channels.
```

## Violations
The org makes the distinction between incidents that are teachable and non-teachable.

### Teachable Offenses
These incidents are teachable moments made without the intent to harm, but are nonetheless offensive. If the offensive party is willing to learn, we are willing to work with that.

* Comments based on gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, mental illness, neuro(a)typicality, physical appearance, body size, age, race, or religion that offend an individual or group. This includes deprecated words that harm members of our community and go against our goal of creating an inclusive space. For a good list of words please reference [Self-Defined](https://www.selfdefined.app/) by [Tatiana Mac](https://twitter.com/tatianatmac)

* Unwanted comments based on someone's lifestyle choices and practices, including those related to food, health, parenting, drugs, or employment.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Playing 'Devil's Advocate', justifying, or otherwise equivocating when being confronted about harmful behavior
```

* Purposeful misgendering including use of 'dead' or rejected names.

* Inappropriate sexual images, behavior, advances, or communication that assumes inappropriate levels of intimacy with others.

* Non-consensual physical and simulated contact without consent and after a request to stop.

* Violent threats, including encouragement toward suicide or self-harm.

* Purposeful intimidation.

* Stalking, unwanted following, or continued communication after a request to stop.

* Unsolicited use of photography or video for the purposes of blackmail or stalking.

* Intentional outing of an individual's identity without their consent except where it is necessary to protect a vulnerable individual from abuse.

* Publishing content that was meant to be held in confidence, except where that content violates the terms listed here (both teachable and non-teachable) or is otherwise harmful to others.

## Enforcement of the Code of Conduct

Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

> They have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

Reviewer 2: We also have the right to remove individuals who violate the Code of Conduct

* In the event of a tie, members may discuss next steps.

## How can I report offences?

Conduct should be addressed, not ignored. The org is moderated on a voluntary basis. Report an incident to a community moderator via the Discord channel. Be sure to include the name of the individual, the date of the incident, a description of the incident, and the code you believe was violated. You may be asked to provide evidence of the incident.

Please note, we do not consider the following as offensive behavior:

- 'Reverse' -isms, including 'reverse racism,' 'reverse sexism,' and 'cisphobia'.

- Reasonable communication of boundaries, such as "leave me alone," "go away," or "I'm not discussing this with you".

- Communicating in a 'tone' you don't find congenial.

- The act of criticizing racist, sexist, cissexist, or otherwise oppressive behavior or assumptions.

## How can I make an appeal?

> Submit a written appeal no later than three days after a determination has been made on the consequence. Describe the incident and why you believe it does not violate the code of conduct or the otherwise extenuating circumstances surrounding the incident.

Reviewer 2: Submit a written appeal no later than three days after a determination has been made on the consequence. Describe the incident and why you believe it does not violate the code of conduct or the otherwise extenuating circumstances surrounding the incident. => Submit a written appeal no later than three days after a determination has been made on the consequence. Describe the incident and why you believe it **violates** the code of conduct or the otherwise extenuating circumstances surrounding the incident.

Author: The appeal process would be for folks who may or may not be falsely accused. It's important to create avenues for folks to voice their side in the event that someone reports another in bad faith.

## Positive Contributions
We also believe in the importance of highlighting positive contributions in the organization. To that end, it's valuable to celebrate people's achievements and give credit where it's due. Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our community include:

- Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people

- Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback

- Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes, and learning from the experience

- Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall community

- Creating your first Pull Request!

## Acknowledgements

> [Write Speak Code](https://www.writespeakcode.com/code-of-conduct/), [Open Source Guide](https://opensource.guide/code-of-conduct/), and [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) provided the inspiration for this code of conduct.

Reviewer 2: Contributor Covenant url should be: https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct/. I messed that up in my CoC
